README.md, before:

```
       __                             _       __    __           __  __    _ 
  ____/ /___ _________     ____ ___  (_)___ _/ /_  / /___  __   / /_/ /_  (_)___  ____ ______
 / __  / __ `/ ___/ _ \   / __ `__ \/ / __ `/ __ \/ __/ / / /  / __/ __ \/ / __ \/ __ `/ ___/
/ /_/ / /_/ / /  /  __/  / / / / / / / /_/ / / / / /_/ /_/ /  / /_/ / / / / / / / /_/ (__  ) 
\__,_/\__,_/_/   \___/  /_/ /_/ /_/_/\__, /_/ /_/\__/\__, /   \__/_/ /_/_/_/ /_/\__, /____/
                                    /____/          /____/                     /____/
```

Hi i am aadvik and I am passionate about **Tech** especially fueled by a nice cup of latte ☕. My current obsessions revolve around **Web Development** and **Low-Level systems**. 

I also occsionaly write at -- [aadvik's wicked blog](https://aadv1k.netlify.app/), feel free to reach out and say hi via [@aadv1k](https://twitter.com/aadv1k) or [email](mailto:aadv1k@outlook.com).

### Wonderlist

These are my future planned (and unplanned) projects, TODOs etc which are relevent to my github

- *IN-PROG* [An **Experimental** computer vision library](https://github.com/aadv1k/cv.c) in C 
  - Simple image filters
  - Object detection systems without ML (?)
  - Depth map generation from stereo image

- An Open Source, CV-AS-A-SERVICE
  - A pluggable service which provides depth map generation
  - allows IO w/ stereo images and videos
  - An (Open Source) Real estate app with rich auto-generated "tours"
  

### Logs

- [24/06/2023] [Chex](https://github.com/aadv1k/chex) a chess engine (and interactable game) built using C++
- [09/05/2023] Built [BuildYourOwnData](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod) a simple search engine to fetch data sets
  - [@byod/dork](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod/tree/main/dork): Token based natural language processor
  - [@byod/crawler](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod/tree/main/crawler): an implementation for an search indexer 
- [25/05/2023] Built [Beaver](https://github.com/aadv1k/beaver) a data analysis library using **Common Lisp**
- [22/05/2023] Built a compreshensive GraphQL Backend [for a survey application](https://github.com/aadv1k/litsurveys)
- [11/05/2023] Building [ZapMail](https://github.com/aadv1k/zap) a simple interface sending quick programatically emails
- [09/05/2023] Implementing a Common Lisp interpreter within Common Lisp, [check it out](https://github.com/aadv1k/lisp-in-lisp)
- [20/04/2023] Working on [propelr](https://github.com/aadv1k/propelr), a web scraping platform built on top of [DracoQL](https://github.com/aadv1k/dracoql)
  - [@propelr/backend](https://github.com/aadv1k/propelr/tree/main/packages/backend): a **RESTFul** BackEnd for managing User Auth, API Keys and Flow Creation
- [14/04/2023] Working on [DracoQL](https://github.com/aadv1k/dracoql) An simple DSL to abstract the fetching and extraction of data 
- [03/04/2023] Working on [Quillia](https://github.com/aadv1k/quillia) an EBook publising tool/platform that uses RSA encryption to issue/lend EBooks.
- [29/03/2023] Working on [HashWizard](https://github.com/aadv1k/hashwizard) a suite of tools and APIs to interact with cryptographic hashes
  - Rainbow table implementation from scratch to look up hashes
  - Optimizations for the app under a low memory enviorment via chunking and paging
- [17/02/2023] Working on [Banter](https://github.com/aadv1k/banter) a podcasting service to manage a podcast RSS feed
  - User authentication workflow from scratch in nodeJS
  - Uploading large audio to a bucket and storing permalinks
  - Generating RSS from stored user data
- [03/02/2023] Working on [cybernated](https://github.com/aadv1k/cybernated) a customizable crypto newsletter
  - Implement a mail validation system
  - Scraping and caching daily news from different sites
- Solving Advent of code 2022 in C 🎄💻
- [28/11/2022] Working on [memer](https://github.com/aadv1k/memer) a RESTful API to generate memes using vanilla nodejs
  - [Scraping google images](https://github.com/Aadv1k/memer/blob/main/server/extractImageFromSearch.js) from a search query without any deps
  - Parsing and placing text over image and sending a image as response 
- [11/09/2022] Developing [kevlar](https://github.com/aadv1k/kevlar) a **static-site generator** using pure C.
  - Built a [`.ini` parser](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar#config) from scratch
  - Built the [kevlar templating engine](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar#templating) from scratch
  - Built [md2html](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar/releases/tag/v2.0.1) which is a simple yet powerful markdown parser from scratch
- ~~Learning frontend technologies by build projects at [frontend-projects](https://github.com/aadv1k/frontend-projects)~~
- Watching for issues/suggestions/discussions on all of my existing repos.

Commit message:

Update the list with new stuff

README.md, after:

```
       __                             _       __    __           __  __    _ 
  ____/ /___ _________     ____ ___  (_)___ _/ /_  / /___  __   / /_/ /_  (_)___  ____ ______
 / __  / __ `/ ___/ _ \   / __ `__ \/ / __ `/ __ \/ __/ / / /  / __/ __ \/ / __ \/ __ `/ ___/
/ /_/ / /_/ / /  /  __/  / / / / / / / /_/ / / / / /_/ /_/ /  / /_/ / / / / / / / /_/ (__  ) 
\__,_/\__,_/_/   \___/  /_/ /_/ /_/_/\__, /_/ /_/\__/\__, /   \__/_/ /_/_/_/ /_/\__, /____/
                                    /____/          /____/                     /____/
```

Hi i am aadvik and I am passionate about **Tech** especially fueled by a nice cup of latte ☕. My current obsessions revolve around **Web Development** and **Low-Level systems**. 

I also occasionally write at [aadvik's wicked blog](https://aadv1k.netlify.app/), feel free to reach out and say hi via [@aadv1k](https://twitter.com/aadv1k) or [email](mailto:aadv1k@outlook.com).

### Wonderlist

These are my future planned (and unplanned) projects, TODOs etc which are relevent to my github

- **IN-PROG** [An **Experimental** computer vision library](https://github.com/aadv1k/cv.c) in C 
  - Understanding Computer Vision in depth
  - Implementing an essential CV toolkit, inspired by OpenCV
  - Writing a [Computer Vision Guide](https://aadv1k.gitbook.io/cv-guide) alongside for future reference 

### Logs

- [24/06/2023] [Chex](https://github.com/aadv1k/chex) a chess engine (and interactable game) built using C++
- [09/05/2023] Built [BuildYourOwnData](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod) a simple search engine to fetch data sets
  - [@byod/dork](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod/tree/main/dork): Token based natural language processor
  - [@byod/crawler](https://github.com/aadv1k/byod/tree/main/crawler): an implementation for an search indexer 
- [25/05/2023] Built [Beaver](https://github.com/aadv1k/beaver) a data analysis library using **Common Lisp**
- [22/05/2023] Built a compreshensive GraphQL Backend [for a survey application](https://github.com/aadv1k/litsurveys)
- [11/05/2023] Building [ZapMail](https://github.com/aadv1k/zap) a simple interface sending quick programatically emails
- [09/05/2023] Implementing a Common Lisp interpreter within Common Lisp, [check it out](https://github.com/aadv1k/lisp-in-lisp)
- [20/04/2023] Working on [propelr](https://github.com/aadv1k/propelr), a web scraping platform built on top of [DracoQL](https://github.com/aadv1k/dracoql)
  - [@propelr/backend](https://github.com/aadv1k/propelr/tree/main/packages/backend): a **RESTFul** BackEnd for managing User Auth, API Keys and Flow Creation
- [14/04/2023] Working on [DracoQL](https://github.com/aadv1k/dracoql) An simple DSL to abstract the fetching and extraction of data 
- [03/04/2023] Working on [Quillia](https://github.com/aadv1k/quillia) an EBook publising tool/platform that uses RSA encryption to issue/lend EBooks.
- [29/03/2023] Working on [HashWizard](https://github.com/aadv1k/hashwizard) a suite of tools and APIs to interact with cryptographic hashes
  - Rainbow table implementation from scratch to look up hashes
  - Optimizations for the app under a low memory enviorment via chunking and paging
- [17/02/2023] Working on [Banter](https://github.com/aadv1k/banter) a podcasting service to manage a podcast RSS feed
  - User authentication workflow from scratch in nodeJS
  - Uploading large audio to a bucket and storing permalinks
  - Generating RSS from stored user data
- [03/02/2023] Working on [cybernated](https://github.com/aadv1k/cybernated) a customizable crypto newsletter
  - Implement a mail validation system
  - Scraping and caching daily news from different sites
- Solving Advent of code 2022 in C 🎄💻
- [28/11/2022] Working on [memer](https://github.com/aadv1k/memer) a RESTful API to generate memes using vanilla nodejs
  - [Scraping google images](https://github.com/Aadv1k/memer/blob/main/server/extractImageFromSearch.js) from a search query without any deps
  - Parsing and placing text over image and sending a image as response 
- [11/09/2022] Developing [kevlar](https://github.com/aadv1k/kevlar) a **static-site generator** using pure C.
  - Built a [`.ini` parser](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar#config) from scratch
  - Built the [kevlar templating engine](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar#templating) from scratch
  - Built [md2html](https://github.com/Aadv1k/kevlar/releases/tag/v2.0.1) which is a simple yet powerful markdown parser from scratch
- ~~Learning frontend technologies by build projects at [frontend-projects](https://github.com/aadv1k/frontend-projects)~~

- Watching for issues/suggestions/discussions on all of my existing repos.
